I borrowed what the hell you doing think
I couldn't find that with our berry so
me going all drawers easy food now don't
do that you'll sought a turbo fathers
morning boys man who you calling boy
fool what should I call me midget how
about prick prick ya prick works man
fuck you bitch get out mmm smells good
what's cooking where's my man just chill
all right boom hey sweetie mmm my wife
loves this stuff me anyway there's a
train gonna make an unscheduled stop
just down the wake this guy to how you
say little something-something on board
for you boy scribe businessman
catch you later homeboys asshole Oh Carl
try not to kill any more respected
police officers please crime is
certainly gone up since you got that kid
just doing my part for the community
your trains gonna be there fire to draw
CJ seeing as you missed the driver and
all uh not Joe shit don't give me a hard
time about my driving I got the energy
forward man well don't go go the damn
car over blow us all up in flames then
well I vozmi go shit man good means you
concentrate on the road then you love to
give her homie a hard time just trying
to keep my soldiers alive nigga by
nagging them to death watch the road
motherfucker the road
here we go that's our train all right
northside pacos got it first
Oh what's this we got Bartlett's trying
to crash the party look like Tampa neato
every game in southcenter man we don't
smoke those boys go check out the train
CJ
damn what is that chill out fool we
gonna be right behind you throw me some
box to CJ
damn not so long
she would come
Oh
I'm trying to kill me
hey stop
okay CJ I saw like a carry I've been the
core staff our full man we got one time
in my teeth
now CJ deal it may h it
feedback to grow street food
damn homie your stuff was tight yeah you
too home Obie's coming over to stash the
shit okay laid it in for life CJ for
life you hurt